The wet, sickening sound of boots thudding against dampened rooftops was an almost comforting note. It was a noise that you had grown quite accustomed to over the years you had spent in the Dark City. Rain, snow, or fog, there always seemed to be at least one shadowy figure of a man or woman- or Divine knew what else -flitting across them. The streets were clear, nowadays. Plague and curse had long since thinned their ancient stones of honest men. The rooftops? The rooftops offered safety, obscurity, and swift passage for those with less noble hearts. They were a refuge for the cruel, the hated, and the desperate.

Much like yourself.

Your lungs ache as you buckle over, gasping for breath. The rooftops might offer speedy passage to the daring traveler, but only those gifted with plentiful stamina and honed agility can traverse them with ease. Gloved hands grip cold stone as you pant, eyes bent downwards to the stony roof surface, the words of your boss, Miskovine, race through your mind.

*page_break

"It's a bad career, runner. Playing the double-agent. But time and time again, somebody gets the sparkling idea worming its way into their mind. They think nobody will find them, they can make a little coin. Maybe they can afford a new set of boots next month."

You can picture her now, in your mind's eye. Pale, thin, but with gray eyes that would pierce through the soul of even the most stoic of Crimson Paladins. Covered in dust and dirt from a hundred wretched streets and roofs, and just as sharp as the day you met her.

She fiddled with her worn gloves, no doubt attempting to quell an itching that would never cease so long as she continued to wear such ragged things.

"Of course they fucking can't. We're all suffering in these streets. Theft? Murder? A little lie here and there? Whatever. Everybody does it to survive. But you can't betray your own. When your lineage is choking on their guts in an alley, entombed in the halls of their ancestors, or raving mad in the streets, you stick to what little you have left. You treat your merry band of brigands well, and they have your back until the moon itself shatters. You turn that back upon them…."

And they shatter your spine. You remember her words as clear as the crystal panes of the Black Palace.

*page_break

Air filling your lungs, your breaths begin to slow as relaxation spreads through your body. It is dark out, though this is hardly a surprise. The great city of Dredrath is an enormous complex of towers, walls, and bridges spiraling into the inky black of a chasm deep below the surface of the earth. Here in the middle levels of the city, a blanket of inky blackness coats every surface that is not immediately illuminated by lamplight, deep shadows cast by the looming architecture seeming to swallow up the world, and even on the surface the dismal gray that filled the sky does little to help illuminate the craggy and mountainous world, already so dimly lit by a faint star. Looking up, the moon cannot be seen, nearly full in the sky. This, too, brings no warmth to your heart.

Moontide. It is a name that evokes fear in even the most steadfast of men. Each full moon for the last ten years has brought with it a plague of madness and horror, as citizens scream, writhe, and transform into terrible, hostile mutants on the spot. Families lock themselves in their homes, board up their windows, and pray to the Divine and his saints that they might be spared from it.
Most are. But for those who are not so fortunate, only death awaits them. None can explain the coming of the Moontide, but it is no secret that it is an existential threat.

*page_break

Stamina restored, the journey across the rooftops is a quick one, even for the distance you are forced to travel. Kellach was doing all he could to avoid punishment, but the Spire refuses to stop at this level of the city nowadays, except to deliver food, so he is trapped on it, with no choice but to run to the farthest parts of it and pray that Miskovine will forget.

Of course she won't.

But that means that whoever is sent to eliminate him has to travel a long distance. A carriage would have been a fine way to reach him, in years past. But rioting, blockades, and plague have long left the streets unfit for such a means of transportation, if there were even still those willing to provide it. So it is that leaping through the ancient rooftops of the millennia-old city is the best way for you to reach the traitor. It mightn't be luxurious, but it keeps you alive. And that is good enough.

*page_break

And as if the threat from the Moontide is not severe enough, plague has struck the city as well. The Red Plague has brought its victims to their knees, coughing and bleeding crimson from every orifice. Stories from some of the more traveled ne'er-do-wells tell of some levels of the city red with the blood of wailing victims, the sewers choked in their ichor. You can't tell if the tales are true, but it wouldn't surprise you if they were. You've seen this level collapse enough as it is.

Taking a running jump, a leap carries you off the stone roofs and towards a sturdy lamp-post, long since burned out when the lamp-lighter ceased to come by. Grabbing onto it as you fall, it is a careful matter to shimmy down to your feet back onto the cold stone ground, the broken cobblestones that make up these streets stained and discolored with an unknown fluid.

Looking up, you get a good look at your destination.

*page_break

The Zarvit Concert Hall. Built in finer times, its grand opening had been only months before the Moontide began. The massive stone complex now seems ominous and haunting after ten years of abandonment, its windows filthy and its grand doors covered in mold. Few musicians are willing to perform in such a building, none wish to.

Miskovine told you that Kellach was hiding in the old hall. How she knew such information was beyond you, but you aren't going to question that now. What matters now is dealing with the traitor.

But how do you plan to do that? More importantly, who are you?

*finish You catch a glimpse of yourself in a filthy mirror...